I just recently came from Assessable Japan. Um, I had never been a shipyard
superintendent before, but they're one of the guys that actually
has to understand the entire workings of the ship. And because I
had only been in the proportion plants, for the most part, has an electrician's.
Uh it was a really big task toe. Understand how how all
of this worked? Um, what most reservists do and what even most like,
uh, active duty people do once they first get there, they don't qualify
shipyard superintendent so fast. And I was only there for four
months. But I took it upon myself to say, You know what? Like let me
start learning. I actually wanna, like, get that qualification, and
it's a pretty big process. It could take half a year sometimes, and
I want to do it in a shorter amount of time. Um, rather than, you
know, like, say, maybe it's kind of difficult. He was all for it. Hey,
gave me all of the materials to learn, and, um, he walked around
with me, you know, talking about the ship. And hey gave me some shadow
partners so that I could go along with them and start, you know,
like getting my my watch. Um, my watch qualifications completed in a
fast time. So I really appreciate the fact that he meant towards me,
and he got got that really difficult qualification done in a really
short amount of time.